pages*: fix names of operating systems (#12140)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/osx/bless.md

> Set volume boot capability and startup disk options.
> More information: <https://ss64.com/osx/bless.html>.

> - Bless a volume with only macOS X or Darwin, and create the BootX and `boot.efi` files as needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bless a volume with only Mac OS X or Darwin, and create the BootX and `boot.efi` files as needed:
```

`bless --folder {{/Volumes/Mac OS X/System/Library/CoreServices}} --bootinfo --bootefi`

> - Set a volume containing either macOS 9 and macOS X to be the active volume:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set a volume containing either Mac OS 9 and Mac OS X to be the active volume:
```
